README.md, before:

neoupdate-android-sdk
=====================

## Introduction

Use this library to integrate an app with neoUpdate (http://neoupdate.mobi) platform.

## Using the SDK

To use this library follow these steps:

1. Drop in the jar or the neoUpdate.java file/class into your project.
2. Extend the neoUpdate class and implement/extend onProgress() and onPostExecute() if required. onProgress receives the current completion status (multiply the value by 100 for percentage completion). onPostExecute receives the status as a string "Success" for successful completion or error string (sometimes what the server returns) on failure.
3. Initialize the parameters (like tokens & secrets) and call execute

Note: The baseUrl, token and secret should be available in the portal's application dashboard once you create your app there.


## Example

```java
package in.neoexample.updateexample;

import android.os.Bundle;
import android.app.Activity;
import android.content.Context;
import android.util.Log;
import android.view.Menu;

// Import neoUpdate SDK helper
import in.neoandroid.neoupdate.neoUpdate;

public class UpdateActivity extends Activity {
	private static final String TAG = "[neoUpdateDemo]";

	@Override
	protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {
		super.onCreate(savedInstanceState);
		setContentView(R.layout.activity_update);

        String appBaseUrl = "[Use your baseUrl here]";
        String appToken = "[Use your token here]";
        String appSecret = "[Use your secret here]";
        // For Online Updation
		Update update = new Update(getApplicationContext(),
                                   appBaseUrl,
                                   "/sdcard/tmp/",
                                   appToken,
                                   appSecret,
                                   1);
        // For Offline Updation - comment out the previous line
		// Update update = new Update(getApplicationContext(),
        //                            "file:////sdcard/update/update.npk",
        //                            "/sdcard/tmp/",
        //                            null, null, 0);
		update.execute();
	}

	private class Update extends neoUpdate {
		public Update(Context c, String baseUrl, String tmpDir,
					   String appToken, String appSecret, int nSimultaneousConnections) {
			super(c, baseUrl, tmpDir, appToken, appSecret, nSimultaneousConnections);
		}

		@Override
		protected void onProgressUpdate(Float... values) {
			Log.d(TAG, "onProgressUpdate: "+values[0]);
		}

		@Override
		protected void onPostExecute(String result) {
			Log.d(TAG,"Result: "+result);
		}
	}
}

```

Commit message:

Add a note about external storage permission in readme.

README.md, after:

neoupdate-android-sdk
=====================

## Introduction

Use this library to integrate an app with neoUpdate (http://neoupdate.mobi) platform.

## Using the SDK

To use this library follow these steps:

1. Drop in the jar or the neoUpdate.java file/class into your project.
2. Extend the neoUpdate class and implement/extend onProgress() and onPostExecute() if required. onProgress receives the current completion status (multiply the value by 100 for percentage completion). onPostExecute receives the status as a string "Success" for successful completion or error string (sometimes what the server returns) on failure.
3. Initialize the parameters (like tokens & secrets) and call execute

Note: The baseUrl, token and secret should be available in the portal's application dashboard once you create your app there.
Also, make sure you have added proper external storage permissions to your manifest file if you are using /sdcard files.

## Example

```java
package in.neoexample.updateexample;

import android.os.Bundle;
import android.app.Activity;
import android.content.Context;
import android.util.Log;
import android.view.Menu;

// Import neoUpdate SDK helper
import in.neoandroid.neoupdate.neoUpdate;

public class UpdateActivity extends Activity {
	private static final String TAG = "[neoUpdateDemo]";

	@Override
	protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {
		super.onCreate(savedInstanceState);
		setContentView(R.layout.activity_update);

        String appBaseUrl = "[Use your baseUrl here]";
        String appToken = "[Use your token here]";
        String appSecret = "[Use your secret here]";
        // For Online Updation
		Update update = new Update(getApplicationContext(),
                                   appBaseUrl,
                                   "/sdcard/tmp/",
                                   appToken,
                                   appSecret,
                                   1);
        // For Offline Updation - comment out the previous line
		// Update update = new Update(getApplicationContext(),
        //                            "file:////sdcard/update/update.npk",
        //                            "/sdcard/tmp/",
        //                            null, null, 0);
		update.execute();
	}

	private class Update extends neoUpdate {
		public Update(Context c, String baseUrl, String tmpDir,
					   String appToken, String appSecret, int nSimultaneousConnections) {
			super(c, baseUrl, tmpDir, appToken, appSecret, nSimultaneousConnections);
		}

		@Override
		protected void onProgressUpdate(Float... values) {
			Log.d(TAG, "onProgressUpdate: "+values[0]);
		}

		@Override
		protected void onPostExecute(String result) {
			Log.d(TAG,"Result: "+result);
		}
	}
}

```
